welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode seven
we begin with huck remember she skipped
last episode because she was out
scouting ahead but now felix and the
gang with their new truck comes to pick
her up they celebrate getting back
together by drinking a mountain dew and
talking about it for a weirdly long time
then that night uncle tony shows them
the maps he found to the crm's fuel
depots turns out their maps look blank
but if you use the right color filter
and line it up you can see where their
fuel depots are iris tries these filters
on the map of new york lieutenant
colonel kubrick gave her and indeed they
find the dna strand that must be the
research facility their dad's at looks
like it's at cornell university so the
teenagers go upstairs to celebrate
percy's got a bunch of booze apparently
and they want to play truth or dare iris
picks truth so percy asks if she could
do anything in the world what would it
be
and she wants to go to the louvre over
in paris and see all the art next hope
picks truth and percy asks her what's
the worst thing you've ever done this
immediately ends the game because of
course hope has a dark secret the worst
thing she's ever done was shoe tilton's
mom
she runs up to the roof to mope but
huck's like yo get your own moping spot
this one's mine
in fact it's time for her backstory this
episode she was a marine when zombie
apocalypse started she was right there
on the front lines shooting zombies
before anyone knew what was going on and
so when the order came down to kill all
the civilians they just saved because
they might be infected huck couldn't go
through with it she killed all her
fellow marines including her boyfriend
got the civilians to safety but super
emotionally scarring in fact she gave
herself that scar on her face to remind
her to like be a good person or
something anyway hope confesses to huck
about how she killed elton's mom and
she's like i guess i should tell him but
it's like nah girl that's gonna make you
feel better but it's gonna make him feel
worse you just keep that buried deep
inside so the next day they go to the
nearest fuel depot the civic republic
doesn't bother guarding them because
they're basically a secret and all
locked up but our gang breaks in there
looking for gas instead they find a
random guy who grabs hopes apparently he
and his friends used to live here before
the civil republic came and killed them
all took the place but now he's taken it
back although all his friends are dead
and his leg has a zombie bite on it
looks like hey man we can help you we
can amputate your leg and you'll survive
but when his guards down she grabs him
and helps him by shooting him
oh finally someone competent on the show
anyway they find the gas and also a
booklet of a bunch of civic republic
codes who knows what those are then that
night percy asks iris on a date it's
like hey wanna meet me by the truck in
about an hour and we'll make out
silas overhears this remember he's got
his own romance going on with iris and
he is not happy speaking of romance
elton clearly has a bit of a crush on
hope he shows her the new magic trick
uncle tony taught him if there's one
thing i know about romance it's that
girls love magic tricks when iris goes
out to the truck turns out it's more
than just a make-out date he's built the
louvre for her wow this kid's gone above
and beyond for our first date i guess
it's the first girl his age has ever met
so he's over excited also he
conveniently had books of art that he
was able to cut out and hang up
what in fact though percy never shows up
for his makeout sesh iris just passes
out here iris is woken up by a crash she
runs inside to find
uncle tony beaten to death yeah remember
he faked the gunshot wound last episode
but
this time he ain't faking the murder
weapon appears to be silas's giant
wrench and
indeed hiding in the bathroom drunk off
his butt is silas
it seems that silas tried to drown his
sorrows and turn into a raging murder
maniac
is it that simple or is there more to
this mystery find out next time on the
world beyond
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member